contributing.md, before:

# WARNING: Not updated
# How to contribute with a tutorial or how-to guide.

## Bug reports and discussions

If you think you found a bug in any of our packages, feel free to open an issue at the specific GitHub repo.
If should be a link like `https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/PACKAGE.jl`.

Focused suggestion and requests can also be opened as issues.
Before opening a pull request, start an issue or a discussion on the topic, please.

If you want to ask a question that is not suited for a bug report, feel free to start a discussion [here](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/Organization/discussions).
This forum is for general discussion, so questions about any of our packages are welcome.


1. Find out whether you're working on a tutorial or a how-to guide. See [here](https://documentation.divio.com) for more details.
2. Mention your plans of writing a tutorial/how-to guide, either in an issue, or on open a [discussion](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/Organization/discussions).
3. Write a `.jl` script with comments. The comments will be parsed. Look into [_literate](_literate/) for examples.
4. Write the corresonding `.md` file. Look into [pages](pages/).
5. To compile, activate this folder, run `using Franklin`, then `serve()`.
6. Create your pull request.

Commit message:

Update contributing and development guide

contributing.md, after:

# Contributions

We welcome contributions, which can come in many forms:
\toc

## Bug reports and discussions

If you think you found a bug in any of our packages, feel free to open an issue at the specific GitHub repo.
For our packages, it should be a link like `https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/PACKAGE.jl`.
For our tutorials, you can open an issue here or in the specific tutorial page.

Focused suggestion and requests can also be opened as issues.
Before opening a pull request, start an issue or a discussion on the topic, please.

If you want to ask a question that is not suited for a bug report, feel free to start a discussion [here](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/Organization/discussions).
This forum is for general discussion, so questions about any of our packages are welcome.

## New tutorials

Use the [template repo](https://github.com/jso-docs/tutorial-template) and follow instructions there.

## Style, colors, UI, frontend, etc.

[Check the issues for jso-docs.github.io](https://github.com/jso-docs/jso-docs.github.io/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc), and open a new one if necessary.
